Fix broken links in DevTools release notes (#8928)
flutter/website: src/tools/devtools/release-notes/release-notes-2.7.0-src.md

![Class names]({{site.url}}/tools/devtools/release-notes/images-2.7.0/image6.png "Class names")

## Full commit history

> More details about changes and fixes are available from the
> [DevTools git log.](https://github.com/flutter/devtools/commits/master).

Reviewer: **issue:** Condition, then instruction per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/sentence-structure). Write in active voice per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/voice). Use site variable.
```suggestion
To learn more about DevTools changes and fixes, check out the
[commit history]({{site.github}}/flutter/devtools/commits/master).
```
